fix(ai): vision FAQ (#3966)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/generative-apis/how-to/query-vision-models.mdx

asyncio.run(main())
```

## Frequently Asked Questions

#### Is there a limit to the size of each image?
The only limitation is in context window (1 token for each 16x16 pixel).

#### What is the maximum amount of images per conversation?

> One conversation can handle up to 12 images (per request). The 13rd will return a 400 Bad Request error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each conversation can handle up to 12 images (per request). Attempting to add a 13th image will result in a 400 Bad Request error.
```

> One conversation can handle up to 12 images (per request). The 13rd will return a 400 Bad Request error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One conversation can handle up to 12 images (per request). The 13th will return a 400 Bad Request error.
```
